Added Basic contextMenus sample (#859)
GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples: api-samples/contextMenus/basic/README.md

# chrome.contextMenus

> A sample extension demonstrating use the chrome.contextMenu API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sample extension demonstrating use of the chrome.contextMenus API.
```
